PeriodicExportingMetricsReader with value = infinity to support explicit metric collection (#3059)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 1.15.0/0.36b0 (2022-12-09)

> - PeriodicExportingMetricsReader with zero or less interval
>   to support explicit metric collection
>   ([#3059](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3059))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PeriodicExportingMetricsReader with +Inf interval
  to support explicit metric collection
  ([#3059](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/3059))
```
